Update configuration.md (#2000)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/fundamentals/dashboard/configuration.md

| `DOTNET_DASHBOARD_UNSECURED_ALLOW_ANONYMOUS` | `false` | Configures the dashboard to not use authentication and accepts anonymous access. This setting is a shortcut to configuring `Dashboard:Frontend:AuthMode` and `Dashboard:Otlp:AuthMode` to `Unsecured`. |
| `DOTNET_DASHBOARD_CONFIG_FILE_PATH` | `null` | The path for a JSON configuration file. If the dashboard is being run in a Docker container, then this is the path to the configuration file in a mounted volume. This value is optional. |
| `DOTNET_RESOURCE_SERVICE_ENDPOINT_URL` | `null` | The gRPC endpoint to which the dashboard connects for its data. If this value is unspecified, the dashboard shows telemetry data but no resource list or console logs. This setting is a shortcut to `Dashboard:ResourceServiceClient:Url`. |

> | `ASPNETCORE_FORWARDEDHEADERS_ENABLED` | `null` | If set to `true` this will enable header forwarding to the dashboard. This is often needed when running behind a reverse proxy. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is an example of using a regular ASP.NET Core env var with the dashboard. While it is technically a valid config option, I don't think we should list every ASP.NET Core config option here.

| `Authentication:Schemes:OpenIdConnect:ClientSecret` | `null` | A secret that only the real RP would know. |
| Other properties of <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.OpenIdConnectOptions> | `null` | Values inside configuration section `Authentication:Schemes:OpenIdConnect:*` are bound to `OpenIdConnectOptions`, such as `Scope`. |

> [!NOTE]

> > In case you are using `OpenIdConnect` as authentication mode behind a reverse-proxy that terminates SSL, check if you need `ASPNETCORE_FORWARDEDHEADERS_ENABLED` to be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Additional configuration may be required when using `OpenIdConnect` as authentication mode behind a reverse-proxy that terminates SSL. Check if you need `ASPNETCORE_FORWARDEDHEADERS_ENABLED` to be set to `true`.
>
> For more information, see [Configure ASP.NET Core to work with proxy servers and load balancers](/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/proxy-load-balancer).
```
